# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date:** 23 September 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Gina Rubino (Nethermind), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture),  Dan Kochis (Chainlink), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Jory Burson (OASIS), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys)

**Regrets:** Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** 

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greet new members
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   ACTION: Jory to send a ballot to PGB for the Eth 1.x JSON-RPC API standardization project
            *   Ballot sent.  RESOLVED
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline
            *   Going well.  Momentum slowing slightly, but likely due to “back to school and work”, etc.  Nearly 1500 total active.  Multiple deals on the way.  Expecting push in a little while once this starts affecting people’s daily lives.  More nice demos coming out.  Had built documentation in GitBooks, but don’t have ability to control permissions at the level needed, so switching to DocuSource.
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
            *   Jory met with Tomasz, Franco, Gina to determine next steps to get the work started.  The repo has been created, and a mailing list.  Repo has a team of maintainers.  They want to ensure that their license is radically open.
            *   The project has requested a Creative Commons license for its work; there are 3 options provided by OASIS: CC 2.0, CC 4.0, and CC 0. The PGB needs to select the specific license to apply. \
	Chaals: ConsenSys would marginally prefer CC-BY 4.0, would like a formal ballot to give us time to make sure the patent licensing stuff is OK, but _a priori_ looks fine.
            *   ACTION: JB to open ballot to adopt CC-4.0 for Eth. 1.x repo.
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding 
    *   Wish list
        *   There is a need for a ZK-circuit generator that is not GPL.
        *   Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)