# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date:** 1 July 2020

**Present:** Dan Burnett (ConsenSys), Tas Dienes (EF), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Jory Burson (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright)

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Welcome Unibright
        *   Feedback on the sponsor outreach
        *   Jory plans to have sponsor logos up on the baseline and the Ethereum OP sites
        *   Feedback to Carol RE the OP website - baseline and Ethereum OP projects appear to be on the same level
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
        *   Action JW: Draft best practice guideline for teleconference/video tools for meetings
            *   No update from John today, but Jory has materials John might find helpful if he wants them.
        *   ACTION JB:  Explore github id mod to groups.io
            *   Custom fields currently not supported by Groups.io
            *   ACTION RESOLVED
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline - major code merge expected in two weeks.  Open office hours today on when init core branch will become the master branch of baseline.  This is the first major update to Baseline since its Radish days.  Office hours will be recorded (and are available publicly).  In retrospective meeting, discussed creating google doc checklist on what to do before press releases.
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API documentation.
            *   ACTION JB: Contact Franco to explain status
        *   Project to create common smart contract vulnerability designations
            *   TD talked with EthTrust about this.  They are interested but need to get back to us.
        *   Eth 2 client JSON-RPC API work
            *   Participants concerned that additional governance might slow them down at this point, so maybe later.  We can reconsider in a few months.
        *   Ad industry protocol (Mad Network)
            *   They are looking at our rules and structure.  Very interested.  Want to discuss more after US holiday.  They might want their own OP.
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    *   Governance doc review
        *   Support for large membership