# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

**Date: 4 November 2020**

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture),Dan Kochis (Chainlink), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair)

**Regrets:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Gina Rubino (Nethermind), Jory Burson (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** None

*   **Agenda Items**
    *   Greet new members
    *   Agenda review
    *   Past action items
    *   Updates on existing projects
        *   Baseline - new sponsors in the works. Press release is in the works.
        *   Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
    *   Updates on potential projects
        *   Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding 
    *   Discussion items
        *   Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call)
        *   John Wolpert to develop a proposal about project funding/incentives in conjunction with Tracy and Chaals, and bring it back to this committee as a replacement motion. - John has been conducting interviews to get input on the process.  Will start working on a draft proposal next, aiming for December.
        *   Baseline summit coming up Nov 12. 200 signups so far.  Want more developer/architect participation.  Goal is to 2x the number of contributors.  Spread the word.
        *   Gitcoin hackathon.  John kicked in initial funding.
    *   Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)