# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting
## Date:  19 May 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Jan Brezina (EY), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS),  Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair)
**Regrets:** Chet Ensign (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), 

**Guests:** None

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members 
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * JW: develop TSC governance update document offline in conjunction with PGB members.
    * CR and Chet will work with JW to figure out what needs to be improved in the Baseline TSC election process overall (checking with Jory on what the issues were) and report back to the PGB
    * Claudia reached out to Jory, will keep on it
    * JW and CR will have a call on website update/maintenance, including what the process is for maintaining content, and make a proposal to the PGB   
      * In progress. Several calls already, still collecting info. Beginning “Project Management”
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Good press and outreach, particularly at EY Summit. Uptick in number of clones.  Good conversations on how ERP vendors can benefit and differentiate   themselves using Baseline. Influence of maintainers is increasing. Getting now to the solutions folks and not just promoters. We are beginning to see the second wave of contributors taking over from those who started it off.
      * Close to done on outreach plan, possibility by next meeting
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      * Aletha from ECH is working on the specs.  She has prepared a detailed core spec.
      * Please contact Tomasz K. Stanczak via tomasz@nethermind.io if you want to contribute and you will be added to the Discord channel
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
    * Nightfall and other E&Y projects?
      * Some progress on privacy work. Should already be open source/public domain. The ZKP compiler.
      * Still working on the other items
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
