# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date: 3 November 2021

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), James Canterbury (EY), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Matt Hepler (Arca)

**Regrets:** Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Guests:**

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: Tomasz and Chet to have further discussion on document formats, outputs, group dynamics for JSON-RPC work.
      * They spoke Tuesday. Have a job description now for a position to drive the work.
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls) - on hold pending Chet/Chair discussion
    * Review and approval of Baseline spec
      * Chet to give overview of specification development and approval process
      * Please review: [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline-standard/blob/main/core/baseline-core-v1.0-psd01.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline-standard/blob/main/core/baseline-core-v1.0-psd01.md)
      * Discussion about what doc requirements should be for specs. ACTION: Chet will send list of OASIS and ISO requirements to Dan.
      * ACTION: Chaals and Dan will draft a set of minimal PGB requirements for approval of a TSC package as a Release, Project Specification Draft, or Project             Specification for PGB to review.  It will contain at least a draft set of requirements for a Release before the 17 Nov PGB meeting.
      * ACTION: Chet to send statement to PGB confirming that the TSC has prepared what OASIS requires for sending to the PGB for approval.
    * Meeting time
    * PGB (Co-)Chair elections
      * Nomination window
      * Election process and window
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
  * Updates on potential projects
      * Enterprise L2 standards
        * Have governance doc and charter good enough for feedback.  ACTION: Tas to send to PGB for review.
      * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
      * James - Identity project (we are to check back ~November)
      * Project for “coordination under Zero knowledge”
