# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting
## Date:  16 June 2021

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Jan Brezina (EY), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk)
**Regrets:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Jamie Clark (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), 
**Guests:** none 

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members 
    * Noam Eppel joining on behalf of Morpheus Network
      * Member of Crypto Defenders Alliance
      * Professor at George Brown College in Toronto
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * CR and Chet will work with JW to figure out what needs to be improved in the Baseline TSC election process overall (checking with Chaals on what the issues were) and report back to the PGB
      * Chaals talked with Claudia. There was an election coming up. Question was whether to delay an upcoming election in order to allow another candidate, and the answer is no, you should follow the process as stated. No action needed since the docs already reflect proper process.
    * JW and CR will have a call on website update/maintenance, including what the process is for maintaining content, and make a proposal to the PGB
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Go to market - Tom is finalizing some docs.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * Jan - Identity project is under discussion, getting more attention internally. JB sent DB an email to chat
  * Discussion items
     * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
      * There has been [a suggestion to replace the yellow paper with an executable markdown spec](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/replace-the-yellow-paper-with-executable-markdown-specification/6430).
      * Not clear about the value of having a standards body do this rather than just writing it down
      * Implementers have already spent time figuring things out and don’t see the need for it
      * Tim Beiko thought maybe EF could find cycles to document this, but not develop in a standards process, given the lack of implementor interest
      * Sounds like it should come off of our wish list.  Will remove beginning next week.
