# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date:  20 October 2021

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), James Canterbury (EY), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright)

**Regrets:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Guests:** 

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: Claudia, Chet, Dan will send out email by 8 Oct outlining the PGB chair election process, requesting nominations, and explaining the role.
      * Nomination process and form written, PGB Chair role description written
    * ACTION: Tomasz and Chet to have further discussion on document formats, outputs, group dynamics for JSON-RPC work.
      * Haven’t gotten together yet. Chet will engage.
    * ACTION: JW to ask Chet to send out requested Baseline TSC voting rules changes as PGB ballot
      * Decided not to do the rules change after all.
      * After the new TSC there will be a discussion about possible rules change
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * TSC election
        * Ballot closes Tuesday the 26th. Received 17 out of 41 eligible votes, so far.
      * Some of the grant-funded projects didn’t achieve their milestones, so those funds are available for new projects (which have been identified)
      * Baseline Improvement Process (BLIP) is up and running
      * Need to begin resourcing for test harness creation
      * Would like to vote on website change
        * Unanimous consent was given for Claudia, Chet and John W to proceed with developing a “get baselined” feature on the baseline-protocol.org website. 
     * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
       * No movement. Primary issue is Tomasz finding the right person to move this forward with writing the spec.
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Enterprise L2 standards
      * 6-7 organizations have expressed interest. They are gathering informally next week to review a draft charter. It will be a few more weeks before it’s ready         to share with the PGB for feedback.
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * Jan - Identity project (we are to check back ~November)
    * ZKP that meets Baseline’s needs (for “coordination under Zero knowledge”)
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls) - on hold pending Chet/Chair discussion
    * Review and approval of Baseline spec
      * Please review:  https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline-standard/blob/main/core/baseline-core-v1.0-psd01.md 
      * Chet to give overview of specification development and approval process   
    * PGB (Co-)Chair elections
      * Nomination window
      * Election process and window


