# EEA Community Projects PGB Meeting

## Date:  8 September 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind),  Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Jan Brezina (EY), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Noam Eppel (Morpheus)

**Regrets:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Jamie Clark (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright)

**Guests:** Sonal Patel (ConsenSys - Baseline Product Manager)

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * JW and CR working on Baseline website update/maintenance with EEA marketing, will report back in September
    * Update is accomplished, all the docs redone.  Now have the “one click to participate” button they’ve been wanting.
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * TSC election, Chet gives update. There will be a form on the OASIS website to collect applications and nominations. He will also send an email draft to promote the election process and to prompt people to participate. He suggests extending the nomination period until the third week of September. There was no formal call for nominations yet.
      * The date for the election itself is not changing. Just our efforts to reach more people and give them the opportunity to nominate themselves
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      * Tomasz will now be having a couple of calls a week with Jared to provide oversight of his work. Also now talking with Chet to ensure they use proper document formats and outputs acceptable to OASIS. Tomasz and Chet to have further discussion.
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * Jan - Identity project (we are to check back ~September)
      * No movement yet. Revisit in November.
    * ZKP that meets Baseline’s needs
      * Since the last release of Nightfall 3 there isn’t a new version.  There will be a blockchain summit in New York next week that may provide some more info.
    * Enterprise L2 standards
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * PGB elections
