# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  30 June 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS),Chet Ensign (OASIS), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair)

**Regrets:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Jan Brezina (EY), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Jamie Clark (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), 

**Guests:** none 

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * JW and CR will have a call on website update/maintenance, including what the process is for maintaining content, and make a proposal to the PGB
      * Problem is no content, and updates take too long to get onto the site.  Problem is not wordpress.
      * Claudia and John will work on this with EEA marketing and check back with PGB in September
  * Updates on existing projects
     * Baseline
        * Greatest success - Provide grabbed onto it and is running with it
        * Greatest failure - Companies that started it have dropped
        * Large organizations are still queasy about using the Ethereum mainnet due to a lack of understanding, because they assume that you MUST put private data             on it, which is exactly wrong.
       * This message needs to get out not to the choir of blockchain folks, but to the engineers at non-blockchain orgs
       * Also, pushing to V1.  Andreas has been doing a good bit of work.  May be ready in 30-45 days.  Then will catch up on implementations.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
    * Updates on potential projects
      * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
      * Jan - Identity project
      * ENS Sign-in project?
  * Discussion items
    * Many thanks to OASIS staff for a smooth transition to EEA Community Projects      
    * Review and merge outstanding PRs
