
## Date: 21 Sep 2022 

**Present:** James Canterbury (EY), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Sonal Patel (Mesh), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Regrets:**  Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Matt Hepler (Arca), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Peter Kecman (Nethermind), 

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Marcus Krug, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Dan Burnett, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, Andreas Freund, Tracy Kuhrt, Claudia Rauch, Tas Dienes, 
    * Current scribe: Claudia
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Past action items (5 min)
    * ACTION: Chaals (via Dan) to create a PR with detailed examples for accessibility of spec content, including examples of specs that do it right and those that do not
        * No update
    * ACTION: Chaals will make changes to the Baseline specification as a sample for how to do accessibility
        * Some work has been done. Ask Andreas if the path is clear now.
            * No update. Andreas was not present.
    * ACTION:  Dan to wrap up documentation of full specification process. Working toward a document to submit to PGB for approval. 
        * No progress yet.
        * TSCs can operate according to not-officially-approved process
    * ACTION: Chet to clarify how to update PGB rules to add persistent non-voting members given that governance changes usually require a special majority vote.
        * Standing rules proposed. 
        * Approved by special majority vote!  Merged. \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/STANDING-RULES.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/STANDING-RULES.md) 
    * ACTION: Tracy, Claudia, and Jamey to create a PR to governance docs that defines bullying/abusive behavior. Consequences of bad behavior should be specified.
        * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62) 
        * Do we want to vote on this, or review against the Baseline Code of Conduct first?
            * Want to vote, but will wait until PR #63 and #64 are approved
            * PRs approved; ok to vote now?
                1. Needs to be a special majority vote
                2. Tas motions to request that OASIS staff sets up a new ballot but will bring this up after two extra PGB meetings to give PGB members some time to review and to wait for the new standing rules to take effect so that we can exclude non-participating PGB members from quorum.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Tabled for now, check back around January 2023
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * They are developing requirements
        * Starting to build things on Mainnet instead of just private chains
        * May need someone to help with specs
        * James can make introductions to start discussions 
        * Chet - once a project proposal is presented to the PGB, OASIS can use it to recruit for additional sponsors/contributors
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * On 24 Aug, Peter said he would get an update on this by the next meeting
            * ACTION: Claudia to send reminder
    * Layer 2 Working Group 
        * Progress is being made on the token list format spec, and the cross-chain address aliasing spec
    * Baseline
        * Progress funding projects
        * About $20k left in grant funds, 3 RFPs still open ([see here for all info](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline-grants))
        * TSC elections about start; ending around end of October
        * Conversations with OASIS and IEEE on circulating the Test Harness RFP
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * Cancel Oct 19 meeting due to Devcon 
    * Finalize project specification requirements (request by Andreas Freund)
        * Andreas, Dan, and Chaals were not present to discuss this
    * Baseline governance (request by Sonal Patel)
        * Request to update the Baseline governance doc to change the attendance policy in maintainer/code owner meetings
        * Rule has been in practice, [see here](https://docs.baseline-protocol.org/community/maintainers#what-is-expected-of-maintainers),  but not yet documented properly in the governance document
        * The TSC needs to decide whether this should be a part of the governance. If that’s the case, the TSC needs to ask the PGB to approve it.
        * ACTION: Chet and Claudia will propose how to do an audit of the Baseline governance and processes and next steps.
    * TokenScript project proposal
        * PGB is asking for participation commitments from at least 2 other projects, ideally 4
    * Other business if we have time left over

