
## Date: 24 Aug 2022 

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Peter Kecman (Nethermind)

**Regrets:**  Chet Ensign (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Matt Hepler (Arca), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair)

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Marcus Krug, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Dan Burnett, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, Andreas Freund, Tracy Kuhrt, Claudia Rauch, Tas Dienes
    * Current scribe: Claudia Rauch
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Past action items (5 min)
    * ACTION: Chaals (via Dan) to create a PR with detailed examples for accessibility of spec content, including examples of specs that do it right and those that do not
    * ACTION: Chaals will make changes to the Baseline specification as a sample for how to do accessibility
        * Chaals to provide these by the end of next week (2 September)
    * ACTION:  Dan to wrap up documentation of full specification process. Working toward a document to submit to PGB for approval. 
        * No progress yet.
    * ACTION: Chet to clarify how to update PGB rules to add persistent non-voting members given that governance changes usually require a special majority vote.
        * Standing rules proposed. PGB vote in progress.
            * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/63](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/63)
            * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/64](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/64) 
    * ACTION: Tracy, Claudia, and Jamey to create a PR to governance docs that defines bullying/abusive behavior. Consequences of bad behavior should be specified.
        * [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/62) 
        * Do we want to vote on this, or review against the Baseline Code of Conduct first?
            * Want to vote, but will wait until PR #63 and #64 are approved
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * Stefan - Potential new project about escrow for NGO funding
    * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
    * Carol G - TokenScript (see below)
        * We have received a charter proposal for TokenScript and will review today
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens, pharmaceutical traceability ledger
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Peter said he would get an update on this by the next meeting
    * Layer 2 Working Group 
        * Work on TokenList format is progressing
    * Baseline
        * No major events coming up, but Baseline representation at a Fintech Devcon conference. Samrat will attend ETHVietnam and ETHIndia. Lots of outreach activity
        * SRI 1 – core dev team working on it
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * Samrat Kishor was elected as the Baseline TSC representative to the PGB
    * Asking Chet to extend PGB vote for new standing rules by 2 weeks to Sep 6
        * Vote is important, thus extra extension for the ballot due to vacation period
    * Pending the receipt of a charter proposal, discuss the proposed TokenScript project
        * ACTION: Tas will ask the project proposers to provide the charter as a Google doc so PGB members can review
        * Questions: what’s the status? Where is this currently hosted? Are they planning to move the repo to OASIS? Detail the usefulness to Ethereum. How will they seek input from others? Are they okay if the end result will also be decided by other contributors?
        * If possible, invite proposers to next PGB meeting 
    * Other business if we have time left over
