
## Date: 7 Sep 2022  --DRAFT

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY), Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Rep), Matt Hepler (Arca), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Sonal Patel (Mesh), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk)

**Regrets:**  Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Peter Kecman (Nethermind), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Marcus Krug (SAP), Noam Eppel (Morpheus), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), 

**Guests:** AlphaWallet (Weiwu Zhang, Angel Sirakov)

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Marcus Krug, Melanie Marsollier, Stefan Schmidt, Kyle Thomas, Antonio Sabado, Tomasz Stanczak, Dan Kochis, Noam Eppel, Dan Burnett, Matt Hepler, James Canterbury, Andreas Freund, Tas Dienes, Claudia Rauch
    * Current scribe: Claudia Rauch
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * Discuss the proposed TokenScript project
        * 
        * Questions: what’s the status? Where is this currently hosted? Are they planning to move the repo to OASIS? Detail the usefulness to Ethereum. How will they seek input from others? Are they okay if the end result will also be decided by other contributors? 
        * Weiwu walked through the draft charter 
        * Discussion about the architecture of TokenScript:
            * Q: where is the information stored? A: Runtime environment is a bit like a browser plug-in, but directly connected to the blockchain
            * Q: is it a runtime environment that exposes endpoints that can be used by other applications? A: Yes, it also has to have UI components so the user can see the transactions 
            * Q: why is the EEA CP an appropriate host? A: Interest in standardization
            * Expected deliverables: runtime specification, file format specification, and specification for attestation schema
            * Q: how open are they to adjustments in TokenScript. A: everything is adjustable because this is still at an early stage. Q: are there any boundaries? Are there parts out of scope? A: No. 
            * Q: what’s the status of the project? A: Conceptual documentation, initial implementation that needs updating
            * Q: Are there any other organizations involved? A: vendors providing use cases, a university
            * Q: who are other organizations they would want to bring on board? A: industry organizations, software and hardware vendors, issuers of tokens, game community
            * Q: is there something they can say about this being Ethereum-focused or Ethereum-first? A: Ethereum did a good job in creating a trusted center, but average user has to interact with a web front end that ultimately uses well-known centralized web implementations.  It was this need they saw in the Etherum space that motivated them to start the work a few years ago. Crucial. 
* We used all of the time to review the TokenScript charter proposal and didn’t get to action items or updates, see last meeting for outstanding items
