## Date: 11 Jan 2023 --DRAFT

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), James Canterbury (EY),  Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair) Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Sonal Patel (Mesh)​​, Samrat Kishor (Baseline TSC rep), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)

**Regrets:**  Marcus Krug (SAP), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Olu Akinwande (Montech Studios), Kyle Thomas (Provide)

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**



* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Dan Burnett, Andreas Freund, Sonal Patel, Samrat Kishor, James Canterbury, Tas Dienes, Claudia Rauch
    * Current scribe: Sonal Patel
* Agenda review (3 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet February 8th
        * Meet March 8th (Claudia cannot attend)
        * Meet April 12th
* Past action items (5 min)
    * Sonal inquired about updating the governance doc regarding maintainers. Current policies doc is not in github repo.
        * ACTION: Sonal will propose a PR to change [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/blob/main/docs/governance/governance.md) Also move that doc to the top level of the baseline repo
            * ACTION: to be reviewed by PGB chairs and then put up for a vote. TSC should review and approve but not merge PR until PGB approves it.
            * Sonal has created the PR here:  [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/pull/611](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/pull/611/commits) (Sonal) 
            * See discussion topic below
    * ACTION: Tas to update PR 67 to be compatible with OASIS rules [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/67) 
        * Updated, ready for discussion
            * Requires special majority vote
        * ACTION: Tas to send request for ballot - once Sonal’s Baseline governance doc updated (below) is ready for PGB vote so we can vote on both at once
            * Baseline PR #611 does not require a PGB special majority vote (only simple majority vote). So we can proceed with this.
    * ACTION: Jamey to coordinate meeting with Dan/James (EEA) with Dan Fritz / James Gannon (PharmaLedger) re a potential new project
        * Discussion was delayed; check back in February
    * ACTION: In the context of the L2 group, Dan to ask Chaals for suggestions on:
        * Question from Andreas regarding what the meaning is of the requirement for testability for draft specification
        * Internationalization and localization: it would be helpful to have examples for consideration beyond the examples given. And ask for more guidance.
        * Update: Andreas said that he updated the L2 WG’s Canonical Token List draft release, added a testability statement to each requirement. Approaching a general agreement with Chaals from which a general description of testability can be derived. Next steps: Chaals is distilling the meaning of ‘testability’.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min)
    * TokenScript
        * Tas and Dan are meeting with them next week
    * Carol G/Mary M - ZK standards
        * They are going in another direction for next event
        * Carol will follow up and invite them to speak to PGB for 15 mins on their ideas around standardizing the ZK space (what areas and why)
    * James - Standards for sustainability tokens
        * Tabled for now, check back around January 2023
        * Check back in February 
    * James - pharmaceutical traceability ledger, PharmaLedger Alliance
        * Check back in February 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
    * Layer 2 Working Group
        * Adding testability statements for international and localization in draft release of Canonical Token List spec for upgrading to full project draft
        * Doing same with EVM Address Aliasing spec, turning both into EIPs with posts on Eth Magicians forum
        * Report on L2 bridges in works, final draft in review, will be published on EEA community blogs late Jan/early Feb
        * Starting discussions with L2 Beat on collaboration and ecosystem development to popularize emerging standards
        * Next WG meeting will have EEA Cross Chain group presenting  on EVM Address Aliasing
    * Baseline
        * New requirement for each TSC member to write a blog post during the term, aligning content with outreach initiatives (Baseline Shows, General Assembly)
        * BRI-3 is in progress with estimated completion Q1/Q2, as ‘simple reference implementation’. A blog is in progress with EEA for publishing late Jan/early Feb on the work
        * TSC is working on 2023 roadmap which is likely to include turning BRI-3 into tools, interoperability fest, and BRI-3 roadshow. Will be presented to PGB in Feb.
        * High priority to raise grant funds. Oasis can provide admin support for grant program. 
            * Open question: who is responsible and accountable for raising grant funds, or providing guidelines? Not currently documented where it’s PGB, TSC, etc.
            * Carol clarified that Oasis does not take on responsibility for raising funds to support TSC work
            * Gap on guidelines for open projects to raise and manage funds. Need to outline in Baseline governance. TSC can take first steps to clarify who is responsible for Baseline.
                1. Dan said that currently, the only PGB guideline for TSCs is to notify the PGB of how funds are used.
            * Oasis has a premium sponsorship level that allows sponsor to suggest allocation for additional funds (with PGB approval)
* Main topics (30 min) 
    * Review, discuss, and vote on the updated TSC Governance Document for Maintainer governance here: [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/pull/611](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/pull/611) (Sonal)
        * Tas conducted a simple majority vote.  No objections to unanimous approval.
        * Sonal to resolve the PR for Maintainer review and merge.
    * Does the Baseline TSC want to adopt the same governance as PGB for attendance based quorum?  Alternative to accomplish the same effect:
        * Review, discuss, and vote on the updated TSC Attendance Governance drafted here- [https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/pull/610](https://github.com/eea-oasis/baseline/pull/610) (Sonal)
            * Tas mentioned that Oasis does not need to conduct a vote to remove voting rights for members who do not meet attendance requirements. The TSC Chair can simply remove their eligibility to vote, or the TSC can vote on doing that.
            * Sonal will make revisions and a TSC vote on the new governance rules will be conducted in the next TSC session.
    * Requirements for forming a new TSC
        * Note from Carol: Tas mentioned to me that "the PGB requires only that there are people from at least 3 organizations who are willing to commit to working on the project, but are not necessarily required to be paying sponsors"... \
However, the EEA CP Governance doc says: "To start a new TSC, there must be a request from at least three sponsoring organizations who commit to participating." If "sponsoring" in this context doesn't mean paying, we may just want to drop the word from that sentence. \
However...we should have a discussion about how many TSCs the PGB may form that do not bring in more sponsors. It would be nice to set the expectation that new sponsors are needed but still let the PGB retain the discretion to start a sponsorless TSC that merits formation.
            * Last meeting, PGB came to the following conclusions:
                * PGB agrees that we need at least 3 participating organizations to start a new TSC.
                * PGB sees some value in requiring some of the participating organizations to be sponsors.
                * PGB is concerned with requiring additional (new) sponsors in order to start a new TSC.
                * Needs input from OASIS (Carol)
                    * Open questions: how many existing and how many new sponsoring organizations are required to start a TSC?
                    * The PGB, Carol, and Chet discussed and decided on the following policy: 
                        * Requirement that at least 1 sponsor involved in each new TSC
                        * Expectation that at least 1 new sponsor involved, more if the project size and resources require it
                    * This can be viewed as the PGB’s standing policy on the matter
                    * ACTION: Tas to create a PR for updating governance doc  \
[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/68](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/pull/68) 
    * Andreas: Clarification on a MUST requirement for Project Specification \
&lt;[https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md#project-specification](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/SPECIFICATION-DOCUMENT-REQUIREMENTS.md#project-specification)>:
            The requirement "Headings MUST have URLs that won't change, including fragment identifiers." implies that numbered headings are not allowed because adding/updating/removing headings will change the URL. However, the OASIS project specification template explicitly contains headings with numbers which can easily change even if the heading name remains the same. \
Is this requirement to be understood in conjunction with "Any requirement obsoleted since a previous version of the Project Specification MUST have a URL that resolves to somewhere explicitly stating the requirement is gone" expanded to Headings? This would allow a URL to be included in the obsolete or changed section heading pointing to the new section. Albeit such an approach could create a lot of redirecting sections over time.
        * Didn’t have time to discuss to this item; defer to next session. Chet and Andreas to discuss async. 
    * Other business if we have time left over
    
    
