**Date:**  21 August 2024  --DRAFT

**Present:**  Tas Dienes (EF, Co-chair), Andreas Freund (PGB Co-chair, L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), 

**Regrets:** 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jamie Clark (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**

* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen on an ad hoc basis, typically bimonthly, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet October 9
        * Meet December 11
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Nethermind did not renew their OP/PGB sponsorship. EF is the sole remaining PGB sponsor.
    * Request from Andreas: Move Baseline Protocol Standard from “Project Specification Draft” to full “Project Specification”
        * Github with standard: [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline-standard](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline-standard) 
        * Two Reference implementations now exist:
            * BRI3: [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/main/examples/bri-3](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis-op/baseline/tree/main/examples/bri-3) 
            * BRI1: [https://github.com/provideplatform](https://github.com/provideplatform) 
        * This would be step 2B, on slide 4-5. See: Project Specification process for reference: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1p9JDX6dZRIpS4nYqY0XcuySxPzvawuzGnBZnMoZkS_M/edit#slide=id.g19695341859_0_17](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1p9JDX6dZRIpS4nYqY0XcuySxPzvawuzGnBZnMoZkS_M/edit#slide=id.g19695341859_0_17)
        * 2024-08-21 The PGB cannot hold a vote to move this to Project Specification status currently, as OASIS rules require at least 2 PGB sponsors to vote.  We can move it one step forward by having OASIS publish it as PSD on their web site, as a PDF. 
            * TODO: Claudia will email us a link to open a ticket for Kelley to publish the PSD.  Andreas will open the ticket.
* Past action items (10 min)
    * Sponsor recruitment 
        * Andreas asked for a list of companies being approached by OASIS for PGB sponsorship 
        * Andreas asked why previous sponsors did not renew. He said that the value proposition for sponsorship should be clarified. It may need to be tailored to the project/company. 
        * Claudia will try to get Carol to attend the next meeting
        * Tas asked WG chairs to make a list of potential sponsors who would be interested in their work
            * Arbitrum One 
            * Optimism
            * Linea
            * Metis
            * Matter Labs
        * 2024-04-17 No progress has been made. ACTION: Next steps are: Tas to email Francis Beland, cc Carol to ask why sponsors did not renew. Also, did they get value out of it, and why/why not?  Include lists of new potential sponsors from L2 and Baseline WG’s. 
        * 2024-06-25 Tas, Andreas, Sonal met with Holly and Antonella last week.  Action items taken for Sonal and Andreas to work on a few items including a value prop deck and blog article. Note that sponsorship money would be primarily utilized for grants to develop reference implementations of standards/example cases.
        * 2024-08-21 Blog article was posted by the Baseline TSC.  Value prop deck is in progress.  Started a list of potential sponsor companies.  Next steps per Sonal: finish value prop deck, refine list of companies, then Holly to reach out to them. Sonal to share list with Jamie.  Jamie will reach out to past sponsors as well.
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group
        * Summer months are slow. Collecting approvals for L2 transaction fee API spec; currently have 2, want 4.  Trying to schedule a RollCall breakout session. Starting work on L2 transaction status spec, defining status codes.
    * Baseline 
        * BRI-3 is complete, after 2 years!
        * The Baseline Protocol spec (currently in Project Specification Draft status) is ready to advance to the next stage in the OASIS spec process (Project Specification). 
        * The Baseline community is applying for 2 grants to work on interop via their grant manager/sourcer A2F. Grants will be awarded to companies that will manage the work, not OASIS.
    * TokenScript (INACTIVE) - the project can be closed by a simple majority vote after 2024-10-17
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
    * None 
* Other business if we have time left over
