## Date: 13 March 2024

**Present:**  Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Roch Brzezinski (Nethermind), Andreas Freund (L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), 

**Regrets:** James Canterbury (EY), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), 

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jamie Clark (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**

* Greet new members (2 min)
* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current list: Sonal Patel, Tas Dienes, Roch Brzezinski, James Canterbury, Claudia Rauch, Andreas Freund,
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen once a month, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet April 17
        * Meet June 26
* Past action items (10 min)
    * OASIS/Claudia to create a plan to rename the project to Ethereum OASIS, and change back to [https://github.com/ethereum-oasis](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis) repo. Also remove EEA references from github docs.
        * Claudia has a list of assets to update. She was waiting on Jamie Clark’s email, received today. Next she will email everyone with the plan and then start updating assets.
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Approve [L2 Transaction Fee Specification draft ](https://github.com/eea-oasis/L2/blob/main/workitems/l2-transaction-fees/l2-transaction-fees-v1.0-psd01.md)as a Draft Release 
        * See Step 1B: 
        * Approved with no objections to unanimous approval 
    * Discuss the status and future of the EEA Community Projects
        * When do current sponsorships expire? 
            * Unipass - April 4 - unlikely to renew
            * EEA - May 31 - unlikely to renew
            * EF - May 28. Tas asked for a renewal invoice so he can start convo. 
            * Nethermind - July, likely to renew 
        * As long as two renew, the PGB can continue with OASIS support
    * PGB elections - OASIS to advise on requirements 
        * Andreas is willing to be a co-chair
        * Plan to hold election in June
    * Proposal to change meeting schedule to bimonthly or quarterly - will schedule ad hoc for now
    * Baseline WG would like a donation button added to the web page. This raises complicated issues.  Discuss at a future meeting.  See [https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#non-sponsor-tsc-funding](https://github.com/eea-oasis/managed-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#non-sponsor-tsc-funding) 
        * Action: Claudia to check with Carol about adding a button to accept donations via OpenCollective 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group
        * Started working on new spec: Transaction fee API spec draft
        * Having discussions with RollCall group, aligned on who will do what. RollCall to work more on deep technical details. 
    * Baseline 
        * No major updates. TSC discussing fundraising.  
        * BRI-3 in final milestone, should be done by next PGB meeting.
        * Discussed interesting interop use case for banking industry.
    * TokenScript 
        * No updates. Seems like they are inactive.
    * JSON-RPC API standardization (INACTIVE)
        * Action: remove project.  “A TSC which has been inactive for at least 6 consecutive months may be closed with a Simple Majority Vote.”  - vote at next meeting.
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
* Other business if we have time left over
    * Sponsor recruitment 
        * Andreas asked for a list of companies being approached by OASIS for PGB sponsorship 
        * Andreas asked why previous sponsors did not renew. He said that the value proposition for sponsorship should be clarified. It may need to be tailored to the project/company. 
        * Claudia will try to get Carol to attend the next meeting
        * Tas asked WG chairs to make a list of potential sponsors who would be interested in their work
      
