## Date: 9 October 2024 --DRAFT

**Present:**  Tas Dienes (EF, Co-chair), Andreas Freund (PGB Co-chair, L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), 

**Regrets:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), 

**Guests:** Jamie Clark (OASIS)

**Agenda Items**

* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen on an ad hoc basis, typically bimonthly, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet December 11, 2024
        * Meet February 19, 2025
* Main topics (20 min) 
* Past action items (10 min)
    * Request from Andreas: Move Baseline Protocol Standard from “Project Specification Draft” to full “Project Specification”
        * 2024-08-21 The PGB cannot hold a vote to move this to Project Specification status currently, as OASIS rules require at least 2 PGB sponsors to vote.  We can move it one step forward by having OASIS publish it as PSD on their web site, as a PDF. 
            * TODO: Claudia will email us a link to open a ticket for Kelly to publish the PSD.  Andreas will open the ticket.
        * 2024-10-09 Claudia has not emailed us the link. Tas to bug her.
    * Sponsor recruitment 
        * 2024-06-25 Tas, Andreas, Sonal met with Holly and Antonella last week.  Action items taken for Sonal and Andreas to work on a few items including a value prop deck and blog article. Note that sponsorship money would be primarily utilized for grants to develop reference implementations of standards/example cases.
        * 2024-08-21 Blog article was posted by the Baseline TSC.  Value prop deck is in progress.  Started a list of potential sponsor companies.  Next steps per Sonal: finish value prop deck, refine list of companies, then Holly to reach out to them. Sonal to share list with Jamie.  Jamie will reach out to past sponsors as well.
        * 2024-10-09 Sonal says a little behind, working on pitch deck which can be used for the value prop deck. Also still working on sponsor list. She will get back to Holly when these are ready. Holly will schedule an open session with the potential sponsors. Jamie will meet with Tas next week to go over past sponsors and discuss approaches to re-engage. Andreas wants at least one more sponsor on board before talking to L2s.
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group 
        * L2 Tx fee spec doc is now an official RIP
        * Token list and Address aliasing specs are now in EIP review 
        * Collecting approvals for L2 Tx fee API spec and L2 Tx status spec
        * RollCall breakout sessions being planned 
    * Baseline 
        * BRI-3 work wrapped up, participants were paid out
        * Planning promotional activities
        * Grant proposal for funds from NGI TrustChain in progress 
        * TSC elections are coming up; Sonal to discuss with Claudia. There may not be enough members to meet the bylaws requirement for 7. Jamie says it may not be a big problem, will check the language. 
    * TokenScript (INACTIVE) - the project can be closed by a simple majority vote after 2024-10-17
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
* Other business if we have time left over
  
