## Date: 11 December 2024  --DRAFT

**Present:**  Claudia Rauch (OASIS),  Tas Dienes (EF, Co-chair),  Andreas Freund (PGB Co-chair, L2 TSC Chair), Sonal Patel (Baseline TSC), 

**Regrets:** 

**Guests:** 

**Agenda Items**

* Select scribe (1 min)
    * Current scribe: Tas Dienes
* Agenda review (2 min)
* Review/set future PGB meeting dates (5 min)
    * Plan to confirm the meeting date for next 2-3 monthly meetings to avoid industry conflicts. 
    * Meetings happen on an ad hoc basis, typically bimonthly, unless there are any pressing matters
        * Meet February 19, 2025
        * Meet April 16, 2025
* Main topics (20 min) 
    * Tas proposes to close the TokenScript project, which was previously deemed inactive by the PGB due to lack of activity. The project can be closed by a simple majority vote after 2024-10-17
        * Tas proposed to close the TokenScript project.  There was no objection to unanimous approval.  The project is closed. Claudia will archive the repo.
    * Claudia would like to close one of the Zoom accounts (Baseline or PGB)
        * Ok to close the PGB Zoom account. The Baseline account can also be used for PGB meetings.
* Past action items (10 min)
    * Request from Andreas: Move Baseline Protocol Standard from “Project Specification Draft” to full “Project Specification”
        * 2024-08-21 The PGB cannot hold a vote to move this to Project Specification status currently, as OASIS rules require at least 2 PGB sponsors to vote.  We can move it one step forward by having OASIS publish it as PSD on their web site, as a PDF. 
            * TODO: Claudia will email us a link to open a ticket for Kelly to publish the PSD.  Andreas will open the ticket.
        * 2024-10-09 Claudia has not emailed us the link. Tas to bug her.
        * 2024-11-01 Ticket was opened (for Baseline)
        * 2024-12-11 Claudia says that the Baseline ticket is in the pipeline, as well as L2 Tx fee spec.  Andreas will also open a ticket to publish the L2 token list spec, and L2 EVM address aliasing Project Specification Drafts
    * Sponsor recruitment 
        * 2024-06-25 Tas, Andreas, Sonal met with Holly and Antonella last week.  Action items taken for Sonal and Andreas to work on a few items including a value prop deck and blog article. Note that sponsorship money would be primarily utilized for grants to develop reference implementations of standards/example cases.
        * 2024-08-21 Blog article was posted by the Baseline TSC.  Value prop deck is in progress.  Started a list of potential sponsor companies.  Next steps per Sonal: finish value prop deck, refine list of companies, then Holly to reach out to them. Sonal to share list with Jamie.  Jamie will reach out to past sponsors as well.
        * 2024-10-09 Sonal says a little behind, working on pitch deck which can be used for the value prop deck. Also still working on sponsor list. She will get back to Holly when these are ready. Holly will schedule an open session with the potential sponsors. Jamie will meet with Tas next week to go over past sponsors and discuss approaches to re-engage. Andreas wants at least one more sponsor on board before talking to L2s.
            * Baseline potential sponsor list [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-ha24UJWZM2XOgnQN8_LjNDkDAkUTa1IzIcBFLoJOMM/edit?gid=0#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-ha24UJWZM2XOgnQN8_LjNDkDAkUTa1IzIcBFLoJOMM/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
        * 2024-12-11 Sonal says no progress on the above items. Now that they have the $100k grant, developers are working on it and there is a more solid value prop. Sonal to work on the sponsor list and deck, to be ready by January 20, and provide that info to Holly. Holly will be the person contacting sponsors. 
* Updates on existing projects (10 min)
    * Layer 2 Standards Working Group 
        * Only 2 people showed up at the meeting today. Next meeting is in January. 
    * Baseline 
        * $100k grant from TrustChain secured for interop demo; devs are working on it. Aiming to complete it in September. Partners are being secured. 
* Updates on potential projects (5 min) 
* Other business if we have time left over
